Updating readme.md (#350)
privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension: README.md

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension.svg)](https://GitHub.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension/releases/)
[![Privacy Pass](https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension/actions/workflows/action.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension/actions)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD_3--Clause-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

> <h1 align="center">Privacy Pass Extension</h1>

Author: done

<p align="center">

> <img src="./public/images/gold-badge.svg" width="256" height="256" />

Author: good point

</p>

> This browser extension implements the client-side of the Privacy Pass protocol. It provides unlinkable cryptographic tokens that can be used for bypassing CAPTCHAs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This browser extension implements the client-side of the Privacy Pass protocol. It provides unlinkable cryptographic tokens. For example, these can be used on Cloudflare-protected websites to redeem a token instead of having to solve a  CAPTCHAs.
```

modify the description to be closer to the [homepage](https://privacypass.github.io/) mentioned thereafter. Mainly, there is no bypass, and it's not CAPTCHA specific.

Home page: **[https://privacypass.github.io](https://privacypass.github.io/)**

## Installation

| **[Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/privacy-pass/ajhmfdgkijocedmfjonnpjfojldioehi)** | **[Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/privacy-pass/)** |
| -- | -- |

> | <img src="https://privacypass.github.io/assets/chrome.png" width="48" height="48" /> | <img src="https://privacypass.github.io/assets/firefox.png" width="48" height="48" /> |

Author: done

## How it works?

> **Privacy Pass Providers:**  🟩 [Cloudflare](https://captcha.website)  🟩 [hCaptcha](https://www.hcaptcha.com/privacy-pass)

Author: I just keep it simple, since we only have two providers.

-   To see the extension in the bar, click in the puzzle icon and enable it, so it gets pinned to the toolbar.
---

### Highlights

**2018** -- The Privacy Pass protocol is based on a _Verifiable, Oblivious Pseudorandom Function_ (VOPRF) first established by [Jarecki et al. 2014](https://eprint.iacr.org/2014/650.pdf). The details of the protocol were published at [PoPETS 2018](https://doi.org/10.1515/popets-2018-0026) paper authored by Alex Davidson, Ian Goldberg, Nick Sullivan, George Tankersley, and Filippo Valsorda.

**2019** -- The captcha provider [hCaptcha](https://www.hcaptcha.com/privacy-pass) announced support for Privacy Pass.

**2020** -- The CFRG (part of IRTF/IETF) started a [working group](https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/privacypass/about/) seeking for the standardization of the Privacy Pass protocol.

**2021** -- In this [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/privacy-pass-v3), we announced the [v3](https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension/tree/v3.0.0) version of this extension, which makes the code base more resilient, extensible, and maintainable.

**2022** -- The Privacy Pass protocol can also use RSA blind signatures.

#### Acknowledgements

> The Privacy Pass team would like to thank Eric Tsai for creating the logo and extension design, Dan Boneh for helping us develop key parts of the protocol, as well as Peter Wu and Blake Loring for their helpful code reviews. We would also like to acknowledge Sharon Goldberg, Christopher Wood, Peter Eckersley, Brian Warner, Zaki Manian, Tony Arcieri, Prateek Mittal, Zhuotao Liu, Isis Lovecruft, Henry de Valence, Mike Perry, Trevor Perrin, Zi Lin, Justin Paine, Marek Majkowski, Eoin Brady, Aaran McGuire, Suphanat Chunhapanya, Armando Faz Hernández, and many others who were involved in one way or another and whose efforts are appreciated.

Reviewer: The section mentioning the original team has been removed. It should be added back.

```
The creation of the Privacy Pass protocol was a joint effort by the team made up of George Tankersley, Ian Goldberg, Nick Sullivan, Filippo Valsorda, and Alex Davidson.
```

 - Solve successfully the CAPTCHA and the extenison will get some tokens.

**Use tokens**
 - When a page shows a CAPTCHA from one of the **providers**, and if the extension has tokens, the browser uses a token to pass the provider's challenge without any interaction.
 - Otherwise, the user must solve the CAPTCHA, which grants some tokens for future use.

See [FAQs](#faqs) and [Known Issues](#known-issues) section: if something is not working as expected.

---

## Installing from Sources

We recommend to install the extension using the official browser stores listed in [Installation](#Installation) section above. If you want to compile the sources or your browser is not supported, you can install the extension as follows.

### Building

```sh
git clone https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension
nvm use 16
npm ci
npm run build
```

Once these steps complete, the `dist` folder will contain all files required to load the extension.

### Running Tests

```sh
nvm use 16
npm ci
npm test
```

### Manually Loading Extension

#### Firefox

1. Open Firefox and navigate to [about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox/](about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox/)

> 1. Click on 'Load Temporary Add-on' button.

Reviewer: nits: why not use
```md
1.
2.
3.
4.
```

Author: copy-paste? but it also works. I think it is supported as it makes easier to update when changes are frequent.
